Task: https://www.topcoder.com/challenges/5fb2b54f-055e-4059-8687-ebaa8dbd8a18?tab=details

# letter probabilities
The core of my solution is assigning a probability for each character at a given position.
There are probabilities for
* a correct `*`-response: 1 - 2/3 * C
* a correct `.`/`+`-response: 1 - C/3
* an incorrect `*`-response: C/3
* an incorrect `.`/`+`-response: 2/3 * C
(I consider `.` and `+` the same here, so replacing `+` by a `.` is still considered correct)

These change a bit, when the original guess was a space. Obviously a `.` is always corrupted, as the number of words is fixed.
I confirmed my maths with Monto Carlo simulations which gave the same probability distributions.

The probability of a position having a certain letter also depends on the guesses of the other letters at that same position: When guessing 'A' twice results in `**` and guessing 'B' once also results in a `*`, then that result of 'B' has to be wrong for 'A' to be the correct letter.

I also tried to generalize this for a sequence of `.`/`+` from the same guess and same letter (e.g. in `++..+.` the last `+` is most likely incorrect) but failed horribly to do the math on this. So the only thing I have in place is an estimation whether a certain letter isn't in the phrase at all. If it returns a `.` rather than `+` in most cases, we don't have to hope for a `*` anywhere.

Implementation: https://github.com/eulerscheZahl/Topcoder/blob/master/MM133/Letter.cs#L59-L86

# word storage and selection
I put all the letters in a trie. Then I pick them one by one of the fly while trying to find the a fitting word.
A beam search with a width of 100 is used to generate candidates.
Each word is stored twice (spelled forwards and backwards) to help the beam search with pruning.

Implementation: https://github.com/eulerscheZahl/Topcoder/blob/master/MM133/Program.cs#L232-L240

# sentence generation
A DP-approach that tries to maximize the number of possible phrases and probability of placing the spaces at the right spot.
At first I place the spaces and determine the length of each word. Then I generate the individual words

Implementation: https://github.com/eulerscheZahl/Topcoder/blob/master/MM133/Program.cs#L115-L150

# post-processing
After creating the possible words for each position, A phrase is generated by taking the most likely individual words.
If the very same phrase has been guessed before, the phrase generation process is repeated with increasingly less likely words.

Implementation: https://github.com/eulerscheZahl/Topcoder/blob/master/MM133/Program.cs#L151-L164

# my scores
```
Test Case  #1: Score = 5.0
Test Case  #2: Score = -1.0 (timeout, 257 offline)
Test Case  #3: Score = 21.0
Test Case  #4: Score = 22.0
Test Case  #5: Score = 8.0
Test Case  #6: Score = 15.0
Test Case  #7: Score = 72.0
Test Case  #8: Score = 29.0
Test Case  #9: Score = 7.0
Test Case #10: Score = 9.0
```
